# packages in environment at /opt/conda:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                        main    defaults
_r-mutex                  1.0.0               anacondar_1    defaults
alembic                   1.3.1                      py_0    defaults
asn1crypto                1.3.0                    py37_0    defaults
async_generator           1.10             py37h28b3542_0    defaults
attrs                     19.3.0                     py_0    defaults
backcall                  0.1.0                    py37_0    defaults
beautifulsoup4            4.8.0                    py37_0    conda-forge
binutils_impl_linux-64    2.33.1               he6710b0_7    defaults
binutils_linux-64         2.33.1              h9595d00_15    defaults
bioconductor-annotate     1.64.0                    r36_0    bioconda
bioconductor-annotationdbi 1.48.0                    r36_0    bioconda
bioconductor-biobase      2.46.0            r36h516909a_0    bioconda
bioconductor-biocfilecache 1.10.0                    r36_0    bioconda
bioconductor-biocgenerics 0.32.0                    r36_0    bioconda
bioconductor-biocparallel 1.20.0            r36he1b5a44_0    bioconda
bioconductor-biomart      2.42.0                    r36_0    bioconda
bioconductor-biostrings   2.54.0            r36h516909a_0    bioconda
bioconductor-bumphunter   1.28.0                    r36_0    bioconda
bioconductor-delayedarray 0.12.0            r36h516909a_0    bioconda
bioconductor-delayedmatrixstats 1.8.0                     r36_0    bioconda
bioconductor-edger        3.28.0            r36he1b5a44_0    bioconda
bioconductor-genefilter   1.68.0            r36hc99cbb1_0    bioconda
bioconductor-genomeinfodb 1.22.0                    r36_0    bioconda
bioconductor-genomeinfodbdata 1.2.2                     r36_0    bioconda
bioconductor-genomicalignments 1.22.0            r36h516909a_0    bioconda
bioconductor-genomicfeatures 1.38.0                    r36_0    bioconda
bioconductor-genomicranges 1.38.0            r36h516909a_0    bioconda
bioconductor-geoquery     2.54.0                    r36_0    bioconda
bioconductor-hdf5array    1.14.0            r36h516909a_0    bioconda
bioconductor-illuminaio   0.28.0            r36h516909a_0    bioconda
bioconductor-iranges      2.20.0            r36h516909a_0    bioconda
bioconductor-limma        3.42.0            r36h516909a_0    bioconda
bioconductor-minfi        1.32.0                    r36_0    bioconda
bioconductor-multtest     2.42.0            r36h516909a_0    bioconda
bioconductor-preprocesscore 1.48.0            r36h516909a_0    bioconda
bioconductor-quantro      1.20.0                    r36_0    bioconda
bioconductor-rhdf5        2.30.0            r36he1b5a44_0    bioconda
bioconductor-rhdf5lib     1.8.0             r36h516909a_0    bioconda
bioconductor-rhtslib      1.18.0            r36hdb70ac9_1    bioconda
bioconductor-rsamtools    2.2.0             r36he1b5a44_0    bioconda
bioconductor-rtracklayer  1.46.0            r36h516909a_0    bioconda
bioconductor-s4vectors    0.24.0            r36h516909a_0    bioconda
bioconductor-siggenes     1.60.0                    r36_0    bioconda
bioconductor-summarizedexperiment 1.16.0                    r36_0    bioconda
bioconductor-xvector      0.26.0            r36h516909a_0    bioconda
bioconductor-yarn         1.12.0                    r36_0    bioconda
bioconductor-zlibbioc     1.32.0            r36h516909a_0    bioconda
blas                      2.11                   openblas    conda-forge
bleach                    3.1.0                    py37_0    defaults
blinker                   1.4                      py37_0    defaults
bokeh                     1.3.4                    py37_0    conda-forge
bwidget                   1.9.11                        1    defaults
bzip2                     1.0.8                h7b6447c_0    defaults
ca-certificates           2019.11.28           hecc5488_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.14.12              h8948797_3    defaults
certifi                   2019.11.28               py37_0    conda-forge
certipy                   0.1.3                      py_0    defaults
cffi                      1.14.0           py37h2e261b9_0    defaults
chardet                   3.0.4                 py37_1003    defaults
click                     7.0                      py37_0    defaults
cloudpickle               1.2.1                      py_0    conda-forge
conda                     4.7.10                   py37_0    conda-forge
conda-package-handling    1.6.0            py37h7b6447c_0    defaults
configurable-http-proxy   4.0.1                   node6_0    defaults
cryptography              2.8              py37h1ba5d50_0    defaults
curl                      7.67.0               hbc83047_0    defaults
cycler                    0.10.0                   py37_0    defaults
cython                    0.29.13          py37he1b5a44_0    conda-forge
cytoolz                   0.10.1           py37h7b6447c_0    defaults
dask                      2.2.0                      py_0    conda-forge
dask-core                 2.2.0                      py_0    defaults
decorator                 4.4.1                      py_0    defaults
defusedxml                0.6.0                      py_0    defaults
dill                      0.3.0                    py37_0    conda-forge
distributed               2.5.2                      py_0    defaults
entrypoints               0.3                      py37_0    defaults
fastcache                 1.1.0            py37h7b6447c_0    defaults
fontconfig                2.13.0               h9420a91_0    defaults
freetype                  2.9.1                h8a8886c_1    defaults
fribidi                   1.0.5                h7b6447c_0    defaults
fsspec                    0.6.2                      py_0    defaults
gcc_impl_linux-64         7.3.0                habb00fd_1    defaults
gcc_linux-64              7.3.0               h553295d_15    defaults
gfortran_impl_linux-64    7.3.0                hdf63c60_1    defaults
gfortran_linux-64         7.3.0               h553295d_15    defaults
glib                      2.63.1               h5a9c865_0    defaults
gmp                       6.1.2                h6c8ec71_1    defaults
gmpy2                     2.0.8            py37h10f8cd9_2    defaults
graphite2                 1.3.13               h23475e2_0    defaults
gsl                       2.4                  h14c3975_4    defaults
gxx_impl_linux-64         7.3.0                hdf63c60_1    defaults
gxx_linux-64              7.3.0               h553295d_15    defaults
h5py                      2.9.0           nompi_py37h513d04c_1104    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  1.8.8                hffaf4a1_0    defaults
hdf5                      1.10.5          nompi_h3c11f04_1100    conda-forge
heapdict                  1.0.1                      py_0    defaults
icu                       58.2                 h9c2bf20_1    defaults
idna                      2.8                      py37_0    defaults
imageio                   2.6.1                    py37_0    defaults
importlib_metadata        1.5.0                    py37_0    defaults
ipykernel                 5.1.4            py37h39e3cac_0    defaults
ipython                   7.12.0           py37h5ca1d4c_0    defaults
ipython_genutils          0.2.0                    py37_0    defaults
ipywidgets                7.5.1                      py_0    conda-forge
jedi                      0.16.0                   py37_0    defaults
jinja2                    2.11.1                     py_0    defaults
joblib                    0.14.1                     py_0    defaults
jpeg                      9b                   h024ee3a_2    defaults
json5                     0.9.1                      py_0    defaults
jsonschema                3.2.0                    py37_0    defaults
jupyter_client            5.3.4                    py37_0    defaults
jupyter_core              4.6.1                    py37_0    defaults
jupyterhub                1.0.0                    py37_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab                1.0.4                    py37_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_server         1.0.6                      py_0    defaults
kiwisolver                1.1.0            py37he6710b0_0    defaults
krb5                      1.16.4               h173b8e3_0    defaults
ld_impl_linux-64          2.33.1               h53a641e_7    defaults
libblas                   3.8.0               11_openblas    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.8.0               11_openblas    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.67.0               h20c2e04_0    defaults
libedit                   3.1.20181209         hc058e9b_0    defaults
libffi                    3.2.1                hd88cf55_4    defaults
libgcc                    7.2.0                h69d50b8_2    defaults
libgcc-ng                 9.1.0                hdf63c60_0    defaults
libgfortran-ng            7.3.0                hdf63c60_0    defaults
liblapack                 3.8.0               11_openblas    conda-forge
liblapacke                3.8.0               11_openblas    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.6                h5a2b251_2    defaults
libpng                    1.6.37               hbc83047_0    defaults
libprotobuf               3.9.1                hd408876_0    defaults
libsodium                 1.0.16               h1bed415_0    defaults
libssh2                   1.8.2                h1ba5d50_0    defaults
libstdcxx-ng              9.1.0                hdf63c60_0    defaults
libtiff                   4.1.0                h2733197_0    defaults
libuuid                   1.0.3                h1bed415_2    defaults
libxcb                    1.13                 h1bed415_1    defaults
libxml2                   2.9.9                hea5a465_1    defaults
llvmlite                  0.29.0           py37hd408876_0    defaults
locket                    0.2.0                    py37_1    defaults
make                      4.2.1                h1bed415_1    defaults
mako                      1.1.0                      py_0    defaults
markupsafe                1.1.1            py37h7b6447c_0    defaults
matplotlib-base           3.1.3            py37hef1b27d_0    defaults
mistune                   0.8.4            py37h7b6447c_0    defaults
mpc                       1.1.0                h10f8cd9_1    defaults
mpfr                      4.0.1                hdf1c602_3    defaults
mpmath                    1.1.0                    py37_0    defaults
msgpack-python            0.6.1            py37hfd86e86_1    defaults
nbconvert                 5.6.1                    py37_0    defaults
nbformat                  5.0.4                      py_0    defaults
ncurses                   6.1                  he6710b0_1    defaults
networkx                  2.4                        py_0    defaults
nodejs                    6.11.2               h3db8ef7_0    defaults
notebook                  6.0.0                    py37_0    conda-forge
numba                     0.45.1           py37hb3f55d8_0    conda-forge
numexpr                   2.6.9           py37h637b7d7_1000    conda-forge
numpy                     1.18.1           py37h94c655d_0    defaults
numpy-base                1.18.1           py37h2f8d375_1    defaults
oauthlib                  3.1.0                      py_0    defaults
olefile                   0.46                     py37_0    defaults
openssl                   1.1.1d               h516909a_0    conda-forge
packaging                 20.1                       py_0    defaults
pamela                    1.0.0                      py_0    defaults
pandas                    0.25.0           py37hb3f55d8_0    conda-forge
pandoc                    2.2.3.2                       0    defaults
pandocfilters             1.4.2                    py37_1    defaults
pango                     1.42.4               h049681c_0    defaults
parso                     0.6.1                      py_0    defaults
partd                     1.1.0                      py_0    defaults
patsy                     0.5.1                      py_0    conda-forge
pcre                      8.43                 he6710b0_0    defaults
pexpect                   4.8.0                    py37_0    defaults
pickleshare               0.7.5                    py37_0    defaults
pillow                    7.0.0            py37hb39fc2d_0    defaults
pip                       20.0.2                   py37_1    defaults
pixman                    0.38.0               h7b6447c_0    defaults
prometheus_client         0.7.1                      py_0    defaults
prompt_toolkit            3.0.3                      py_0    defaults
protobuf                  3.9.1            py37he1b5a44_0    conda-forge
psutil                    5.6.7            py37h7b6447c_0    defaults
ptyprocess                0.6.0                    py37_0    defaults
pycosat                   0.6.3            py37h7b6447c_0    defaults
pycparser                 2.19                     py37_0    defaults
pycurl                    7.43.0.5         py37h1ba5d50_0    defaults
pygments                  2.5.2                      py_0    defaults
pyjwt                     1.7.1                    py37_0    defaults
pyopenssl                 19.1.0                   py37_0    defaults
pyparsing                 2.4.6                      py_0    defaults
pyrsistent                0.15.7           py37h7b6447c_0    defaults
pysocks                   1.7.1                    py37_0    defaults
python                    3.7.6                h0371630_2    defaults
python-dateutil           2.8.1                      py_0    defaults
python-editor             1.0.4                      py_0    defaults
pytz                      2019.3                     py_0    defaults
pywavelets                1.1.1            py37h7b6447c_0    defaults
pyyaml                    5.3              py37h7b6447c_0    defaults
pyzmq                     17.1.2           py37h14c3975_0    defaults
r-askpass                 1.0               r36h14c3975_0    defaults
r-assertthat              0.2.1             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-backports               1.1.4             r36h96ca727_0    defaults
r-base                    3.6.1                h9bb98a2_1    defaults
r-base64                  2.0               r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-base64enc               0.1_3             r36h96ca727_4    defaults
r-beanplot                1.2               r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-bh                      1.69.0_1          r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-bibtex                  0.4.2             r36h96ca727_1    defaults
r-biocmanager             1.30.10           r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-bit                     1.1_14            r36h96ca727_0    defaults
r-bit64                   0.9_7             r36h96ca727_0    defaults
r-bitops                  1.0_6             r36h96ca727_4    defaults
r-blob                    1.1.1             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-broom                   0.5.2             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-callr                   3.2.0             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-caret                   6.0_84            r36hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-catools                 1.17.1.2          r36h29659fb_0    defaults
r-cellranger              1.1.0             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-class                   7.3_15            r36h96ca727_0    defaults
r-cli                     1.1.0             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-clipr                   0.6.0             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-clisymbols              1.2.0             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-codetools               0.2_16            r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-colorspace              1.4_1             r36h96ca727_0    defaults
r-config                  0.3               r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-crayon                  1.3.4           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-curl                    3.3               r36h96ca727_0    defaults
r-data.table              1.12.2            r36h96ca727_0    defaults
r-dbi                     1.1.0             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-dbplyr                  1.4.0             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-desc                    1.2.0             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-devtools                2.0.2             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-dichromat               2.0_0             r36h6115d3f_4    defaults
r-digest                  0.6.18            r36h96ca727_0    defaults
r-doparallel              1.0.14            r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-dorng                   1.7.1             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-downloader              0.4             r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-dplyr                   0.8.0.1           r36h29659fb_0    defaults
r-ellipsis                0.1.0             r36h96ca727_0    defaults
r-evaluate                0.13              r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-fansi                   0.4.0             r36h96ca727_0    defaults
r-forcats                 0.4.0             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-foreach                 1.4.4             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-forecast                8.7               r36h0357c0b_1    conda-forge
r-forge                   0.2.0             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-formatr                 1.6               r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-fracdiff                1.4_2             r36h96ca727_4    defaults
r-fs                      1.2.7             r36h29659fb_0    defaults
r-futile.logger           1.4.3           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-futile.options          1.0.1             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-gdata                   2.18.0            r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-generics                0.0.2             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-ggplot2                 3.1.1             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-gh                      1.0.1             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-git2r                   0.25.2            r36h96ca727_0    defaults
r-glue                    1.3.1             r36h96ca727_0    defaults
r-gower                   0.2.0             r36h96ca727_0    defaults
r-gplots                  3.0.1.1           r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-gtable                  0.3.0             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-gtools                  3.8.1             r36h96ca727_0    defaults
r-haven                   2.1.0             r36h29659fb_0    defaults
r-hexbin                  1.27.3            r36h9bbef5b_1    conda-forge
r-highr                   0.8               r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-hms                     0.4.2             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-htmltools               0.3.6           r36he1b5a44_1003    conda-forge
r-htmlwidgets             1.3             r36h6115d3f_1001    conda-forge
r-httpuv                  1.5.1             r36h29659fb_0    defaults
r-httr                    1.4.0             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-ini                     0.3.1             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-ipred                   0.9_8             r36h96ca727_0    defaults
r-irdisplay               0.7.0             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-irkernel                1.0.2             r36h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-iterators               1.0.10            r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-jsonlite                1.6               r36h96ca727_0    defaults
r-kernsmooth              2.23_15           r36ha65eedd_4    defaults
r-knitr                   1.22              r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-labeling                0.3               r36h6115d3f_4    defaults
r-lambda.r                1.2.3             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-later                   0.8.0             r36h29659fb_0    defaults
r-lattice                 0.20_38           r36h96ca727_0    defaults
r-lava                    1.6.5             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-lazyeval                0.2.2             r36h96ca727_0    defaults
r-lmtest                  0.9_36            r36ha65eedd_0    defaults
r-locfit                  1.5_9.1         r36h516909a_1004    conda-forge
r-lubridate               1.7.4             r36h29659fb_0    defaults
r-magrittr                1.5               r36h6115d3f_4    defaults
r-markdown                0.9               r36h96ca727_0    defaults
r-mass                    7.3_51.3          r36h96ca727_0    defaults
r-matrix                  1.2_17            r36h96ca727_0    defaults
r-matrixstats             0.55.0            r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-mclust                  5.4.5             r36h9bbef5b_0    conda-forge
r-memoise                 1.1.0             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-mgcv                    1.8_28            r36h96ca727_0    defaults
r-mime                    0.6               r36h96ca727_0    defaults
r-modelmetrics            1.2.2             r36h29659fb_0    defaults
r-modelr                  0.1.4             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-munsell                 0.5.0             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-nlme                    3.1_139           r36ha65eedd_0    defaults
r-nnet                    7.3_12            r36h96ca727_0    defaults
r-nor1mix                 1.3_0             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-numderiv                2016.8_1          r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-nycflights13            1.0.0                  r36_1001    conda-forge
r-openssl                 1.3               r36h96ca727_0    defaults
r-pbdzmq                  0.3_3             r36h29659fb_0    defaults
r-pillar                  1.3.1             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-pkgbuild                1.0.3             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-pkgconfig               2.0.2             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-pkgload                 1.0.2             r36h29659fb_0    defaults
r-pkgmaker                0.27              r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-plogr                   0.2.0             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-plyr                    1.8.4           r36h0357c0b_1003    conda-forge
r-prettyunits             1.0.2             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-processx                3.3.0             r36h96ca727_0    defaults
r-prodlim                 2018.04.18        r36h29659fb_0    defaults
r-progress                1.2.0             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-promises                1.0.1             r36h29659fb_0    defaults
r-ps                      1.3.0             r36h96ca727_0    defaults
r-purrr                   0.3.2             r36h96ca727_0    defaults
r-quadprog                1.5_5             r36ha65eedd_4    defaults
r-quantmod                0.4_14            r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-r2d3                    0.2.3             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-r6                      2.4.0             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-randomforest            4.6_14          r36h9bbef5b_1001    conda-forge
r-rappdirs                0.3.1             r36h96ca727_0    defaults
r-rcmdcheck               1.3.2             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-rcolorbrewer            1.1_2             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-rcpp                    1.0.1             r36h29659fb_0    defaults
r-rcpparmadillo           0.9.300.2.0       r36h29659fb_0    defaults
r-rcpproll                0.3.0             r36h29659fb_0    defaults
r-rcurl                   1.95_4.12         r36hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-readr                   1.3.1           r36h0357c0b_1002    conda-forge
r-readxl                  1.3.1             r36h29659fb_0    defaults
r-recipes                 0.1.5             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-registry                0.5_1             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-rematch                 1.0.1             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-remotes                 2.0.4             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-repr                    0.19.2            r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-reprex                  0.2.1             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-reshape                 0.8.8             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-reshape2                1.4.3           r36h0357c0b_1004    conda-forge
r-rlang                   0.3.4             r36h96ca727_0    defaults
r-rmarkdown               1.14              r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-rngtools                1.3.1             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-rpart                   4.1_15            r36h96ca727_0    defaults
r-rprojroot               1.3_2             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-rsqlite                 2.1.2             r36h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-rstudioapi              0.10              r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-rvest                   0.3.3             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-scales                  1.0.0             r36h29659fb_0    defaults
r-scrime                  1.3.5             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-selectr                 0.4_1             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-sessioninfo             1.1.1             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-shiny                   1.3.2             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-snow                    0.4_3             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-sourcetools             0.1.7             r36h29659fb_0    defaults
r-sparklyr                1.0.2             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-squarem                 2017.10_1         r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-stringi                 1.4.3             r36h29659fb_0    defaults
r-stringr                 1.4.0             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-survival                2.44_1.1          r36h96ca727_0    defaults
r-sys                     3.2               r36h96ca727_0    defaults
r-tibble                  2.1.1             r36h96ca727_0    defaults
r-tidyr                   0.8.3             r36h29659fb_0    defaults
r-tidyselect              0.2.5             r36h29659fb_0    defaults
r-tidyverse               1.2.1           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-timedate                3043.102          r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-tinytex                 0.12              r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-tseries                 0.10_46           r36ha65eedd_0    defaults
r-ttr                     0.23_4            r36ha65eedd_0    defaults
r-urca                    1.3_0             r36ha65eedd_0    defaults
r-usethis                 1.5.0             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-utf8                    1.1.4             r36h96ca727_0    defaults
r-uuid                    0.1_2             r36h96ca727_4    defaults
r-viridislite             0.3.0             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-whisker                 0.3_2             r36h6115d3f_4    defaults
r-withr                   2.1.2             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-xfun                    0.6               r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-xml                     3.98_1.19         r36h96ca727_0    defaults
r-xml2                    1.2.0             r36h29659fb_0    defaults
r-xopen                   1.0.0             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-xtable                  1.8_4             r36h6115d3f_0    defaults
r-xts                     0.11_2            r36h96ca727_0    defaults
r-yaml                    2.2.0             r36h96ca727_0    defaults
r-zoo                     1.8_6             r36h96ca727_0    defaults
readline                  7.0                  h7b6447c_5    defaults
requests                  2.22.0                   py37_1    defaults
rpy2                      2.9.4           py37r36h481b005_0    defaults
ruamel_yaml               0.15.87          py37h7b6447c_0    defaults
scikit-image              0.15.0           py37hb3f55d8_2    conda-forge
scikit-learn              0.21.3           py37hcdab131_0    conda-forge
scipy                     1.3.1            py37h921218d_1    conda-forge
seaborn                   0.9.0                      py_1    conda-forge
send2trash                1.5.0                    py37_0    defaults
setuptools                45.2.0                   py37_0    defaults
six                       1.14.0                   py37_0    defaults
sortedcontainers          2.1.0                    py37_0    defaults
soupsieve                 1.9.5                    py37_0    defaults
sqlalchemy                1.3.6            py37h516909a_0    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.31.1               h7b6447c_0    defaults
statsmodels               0.10.1           py37hc1659b7_0    conda-forge
sympy                     1.4                      py37_0    conda-forge
tblib                     1.6.0                      py_0    defaults
terminado                 0.8.3                    py37_0    defaults
testpath                  0.4.4                      py_0    defaults
tini                      0.18.0            h14c3975_1001    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.8                hbc83047_0    defaults
tktable                   2.10                 h14c3975_0    defaults
toolz                     0.10.0                     py_0    defaults
tornado                   6.0.3            py37h7b6447c_3    defaults
tqdm                      4.42.1                     py_0    defaults
traitlets                 4.3.3                    py37_0    defaults
urllib3                   1.25.8                   py37_0    defaults
vincent                   0.4.4                      py_1    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.1.8                      py_0    defaults
webencodings              0.5.1                    py37_1    defaults
wheel                     0.34.2                   py37_0    defaults
widgetsnbextension        3.5.1                    py37_0    defaults
xlrd                      1.2.0                      py_0    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.4                h14c3975_4    defaults
yaml                      0.1.7                had09818_2    defaults
zeromq                    4.2.5                hf484d3e_1    defaults
zict                      1.0.0                      py_0    defaults
zipp                      2.2.0                      py_0    defaults
zlib                      1.2.11               h7b6447c_3    defaults
zstd                      1.3.7                h0b5b093_0    defaults
